# accessOlympus
These lines of code are:
- not tested, not audited, not reviewed, not approved, not affiliated, not requested
- not to be used for production purposes
- personal use only.

Do not connect any mainnet wallet. If you do decide to do it anyway after reviewing the code, do use a dummy wallet and don’t ever approve any transactions generated by these lines of code. Just don’t do it. Go through the code and make it your own.

HOW TO RUN:
- Install python3 from Microsoft Store (should be installed on MacOS/Linux by default)
- Download index.html and index.js
- Open a command prompt and go to directory of the index.html and index.js files
- Run: python3 -m http.server 8000 to launch a local-only web server
- Launch Firefox/Metamask
- Open http://localhost:8000

RPC PROVIDER:
All blockchain access for these lines of code goes via Metamask. This can add up to a fair bit of API calls. Recommend to update Metamask RPC settings to a dedicated account (api key).
Best option for security and performance: run your own node. 
Alternative option for performance: free account at Infura or other, with 100,000 daily API calls.
Alternative option for security: POKT network – did not yet prove stable enough during testing.

API CALL FREQUENCY:
At first launch, expect 60 API calls without PRO. This one time initialization of static data will persist in local storage until cookies and site data are deleted from the browser. The refresh frequency can be adjusted in settings, allowing control over running API calls.
